to bring you the balance of the
attributes we will only see few because if
they want the whole list would be the video very
long so the one who wants it completes
is in the inscription with the link to
the facebook page of james that are
all is that we are going to it for
start that an attribute is an attribute
is what makes your digimon strong
in this case for example the vaccine is
strong against the virus the virus against
the data the data against the vaccine and then
I work more or less the same always
then differentiating for example the one from the
light
fruit of the water and the wind group I
He showed me a table that started like this
lemon name the general attribute the
general natural attribute and that of the
skills being the latter too
affected we'll see why because there
a drawing that was pretty weird which was
the said we have been dicked in this line and
which seems better to me for the time being
I would be like it, obviously not
for the ryder or nothing for that but for
the starter and because his whole line is
it went from being a virus to doing
unknown means this is strong
against all what happens with this is that
devil mont no change of attribute because
if it changes that it would also have to
change the raid that is in cannon but
it would be like a dislike more or less
leave it to me in the comments and test that
they think and it would be the right then post more or
p surpassing even what would come
being data moon in the Mudejar let me
know in the comments what
they think because for me it would be like that if
ex acts the same as the mastercard that
they use the same files as the 10
of lemon original so they do not
it would be clear to him would be that he is stronger
against all this one has different
percentage in different stages but
Well, it's still strong
another one of the affected lemons would be in
this case also ride in a were of
lemon that was good for those who finish
to begin with the fact that it was
good but now I change from being a fairy
is doing a little mediocre now
that there are not so many vaccines except for
leo moon that would be
I mean we have that strong
against it not that they are
strong against we have and another that was
also quite affected was imperial
dramatic in dragon mode and mode
fighter since he changed from being a fire to
be what would come being light and you can
keep being vaccinated another one because
example would be that this one we have left
from being a prisoner pardon to be data
also in a skill in the mega step of
be what would remain of tree
water that's pretty weird
sorry and the lemon that for me would be
rather easier to relieve good for
the new ones would be that ramón by the fact
that is good in all its line and
apart, it would be fine since it does not
we will have weakness against any lemon
in a stage and nothing more kids tell me
what do they think about this balance
take care see you